what's going on Dragon Ball Z fans on
Wii entertainment gaming here bringing
you another what if battle what if it
wasn't Goku who battled cooler what if
it was actually this right here oh yeah
what if it was Vegeta who took on cooler
instead now this would be I I don't even
know if that actually made me know what
yes it would be very interesting because
vegeta's ruthless as hell and so is
cooler arm in my honest opinion I really
don't know who's gonna win this one I
mean a lot of people might say Vegeta
just because you know he's a super
saiyan and when Goku far cooler go
couldn't even break a sweat or he there
was punch cooler twice and I was the
under bending you through that supernova
back at him but let me know what you
guys think you know on who would win
between Vegeta and cooler because I am
very curious to hear your thoughts on
this what if it was full powered you
know cooler at his final form versus
Super Saiyan Vegeta who do you guys
think would win if cooler through the
supernova at Vegeta would Vegeta be able
to catch it and do the same as goku
didn't throw it back because that's
that's something I just want to see
because that also affects the cheetah
because cooler is you know please
brother and freeze is responsible for
wiping out an entire race so I mean that
that just says a lot I mean he can
easily just go ahead and try to you know
get revenge for his dad and for all to
fall in sayings that you know Frieza
killed but since he can't kill freeze
he's gonna kill the next best thing you
know so let me know what you guys think
on this fight because it's very
interesting on in my personal opinion I
think I think probably Vegeta might win
I'm not sure I mean a final flash will
probably do it right there I mean a
final flash or a big bang and other
honestly right right they're not big
bang either that or if cooler pulls off
a supernova that'll be it for vegeta man
i can't see with you to throwing that
back out of my really can i I don't
think the gene is that powerful Vegeta
would try but I doubt his Super Saiyan
abilities would allow him to get that
far but let me know in the comment
section below but that's it for today
everybody I'm under entertainment gaming
signing off please let me know what you
guys think in this fight in the comment
section below please check out my
previous dragon ball z videos I have a
bunch of what it fights with Super
Saiyan threes and fusions and all sorts
of things but on that note guys
recommend my video to your friends
please leave a like don't forget to
subscribe and I will be seeing you guys
in another episode so as for this right
here one who's gonna win this is this
big man going to be you know that should
definitely be is it is it is it is it
bang over ha alright guys I'll see you
later peace